Normalize DNS related fields across entities (#797)
elastic/ecs: CHANGELOG.next.md

#### Added

> * Added `search.*` fields #729

Reviewer: Please add back this line

Author: so for future clarification - when I update from source, I should **just** add a line to CHANGELOG.next.md?

Reviewer: Yes, just add your line and don't touch the rest :-)

Reviewer 2: Looks the conflicts with the `CHANGELOG.next` are still outstanding.

> * normalized dns fields across dns (question and answers), client, destination, host, server, source #797

Reviewer: Please try to follow the boring changelog sentence structure when possible, especially the first word. Here we could say

```suggestion
* Added missing fields to normalize DNS-related fields across `dns` (question and answers), `client`, `destination`, `host`, `server`, and `source` #797
```

Author: done - updating PR shortly

#### Bugfixes

* Quoted the example for `labels` to avoid YAML interpreting it, and having
  slightly different results in different situations. #782

> 

Reviewer: Please add back this entry as well

Author: done - updating PR shortly
